(1) What is software? What is software engineering ?
     ans: a set of program is called as software,it is a set of instruction ,data or programs used to operate computers and execute specific tasks	 
    Software engineering has two parts: software and engineering. software is a collection of codes, documents ,and
	triggers that does a specific job and fills a specific requirerement.  


(2)  Explain types of software
     Application software. The most common type of software, application software is a computer software package that performs a specific function for a user, 
	 or in some cases, for another application. An application can be self-contained, or it can be a group of programs that run the application for the user.
	 Examples of modern applications include office suites, graphics software, databases and database management programs, web browsers, word processors, 
	 software development tools, image editors and communication platforms System software. These software programs are designed to run a computer's application programs and 
	 hardware. System software coordinates the activities and functions of the hardware and software. In addition, it controls the operations of the computer hardware 
	 and provides an environment or platform for all the other types of software to work in. The OS is the best example of system software; it manages all the other computer 
	 programs. Other examples of system software include the firmware, computer language translators and system utilities.
     Driver software. Also known as device drivers, this software is often considered a type of system software. Device drivers control the devices and peripherals connected 
	 to a computer, enabling them to perform their specific tasks. Every device that is connected to a computer needs at least one device driver to function.
	 Examples include software that comes with any nonstandard hardware, including special game controllers, as well as the software that enables standard hardware,
	 such as USB storage devices, keyboards, headphones and printers.
     Middleware. The term middleware describes software that mediates between application and system software or between two different kinds of application software. 
	 For example, middleware enables Microsoft Windows to talk to Excel and Word. It is also used to send a remote work request from an application in a computer 
	 that has one kind of OS, to an application in a computer with a different OS. It also enables newer applications to work with legacy ones.
     Programming software. Computer programmers use programming software to write code. Programming software and programming tools enable developers to develop, write, test 
	 and debug other software programs. Examples of programming software include assemblers, compilers, debuggers and interpreters.


(3)What is SDLC? Explain each phase of SDLC
     An SDLC (software development life cycle) is a big-picture breakdown of all the steps involved in software creation (planning, coding, testing, deploying, etc.) 


(4)  What is DFD? Create a DFD diagram on Flipkart
     A  data flow diagram is a traditional  visual presentation  of the information flows with in a system  






(5) What is Flow chart? Create a flowchart to make addition of two numbers 

      Step 1: Start

      Step 2: Declare variables num1, num2 and sum.

      Step 3: Read values for num1, num2.

      Step 4: Add num1 and num2 and assign the result to a variable sum.

      Step 5: Display sum

      Step 6: Stop 


(6)   What is Flow chart? Create a flowchart to make addition of two numbers

        a diagram that shows the connections between different stages of a process or parts of a system




(7)    What is Use case Diagram? Create a use-case on bill payment on paytm.

        It only summarizes some of the relationships between use cases, actors, and systems.
        It does not show the order in which steps are performed to achieve the goals of each use case.
